UI: Update Enterprise Client Count Datepicker (#30349)
hashicorp/vault: changelog/30349.txt

```release-note:improvement

> ui: Client count design and date picker updates to maintain consistency with user expectations

Reviewer: This should be a little more descriptive to relay to the end user what exactly may affect them. Feel free to reword, but something like:
```suggestion
ui (enterprise): Replace date selector in client count usage page with fixed start and end dates that align with billing periods to return more accurate client counting data. 
```
